Kyo, the았어まあ, who speaks of me, is indisputably not worked.
After lunch, he drinks water after breaking speech pleasurely
and is told to elite and join this yoga,
and then do it, enjoy and so on.
However, if we hear this pray,
hisogen,civilねぇ, might as well
The essence of Confucius is the author of a entire intestines, and it might seem arbitrary,
ネWhat accurate 눈はごくぬっ tends to certainly you're in any state of excitement
But from bad interpretation waiting for the clouds
Let's see a sign of the
ʿFurther assemble the
trioʺThe temple is very highʻ
in the hidden 26 years since Shintarō could become Koshkita.
He should drink pleasure.
He should avoid the occ enseñ
The meaning of the word is that it is a thing that can be used as a ritual, and that the words of the one who has the air and the air are limited to the case of the one who has the air and the air.
The time when the wind blows in the wind is not a thing of misfortune for me, and the time when the wind blows is not a place for people to rest.
The reason why I said that if I were to sell this with the wind, I would not be able to sell it, was not because I was worried about the air, but because I was worried about the wind.
Also, when the white man passed through the seijun, the young man answered, looking at the water, thinking about the water.
Also, even though the old man said to the young man, looking at the water, thinking about the water, when the young man said the water, the young man said the same thing, looking at the water, thinking about the water, it is clear that the water that can be used as a ritual is not a place to be removed.
Thank you for watching.